//name:TQ1656
::TQ1656::Oil helps to reduce friction by:{
	=coating the engine parts with a lubricating film.#Oil is transferred under pressure to the various parts of the engine through drillings and oil galleries. The oil helps to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film.
	~removing excess heat.#Oil is transferred under pressure to the various parts of the engine through drillings and oil galleries. The oil helps to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film.
	~applying a varnish-like substance to moving parts.#Oil is transferred under pressure to the various parts of the engine through drillings and oil galleries. The oil helps to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film.
	~circulating pressurized oil through the combustion chamber.#Oil is transferred under pressure to the various parts of the engine through drillings and oil galleries. The oil helps to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film.
}


//name:TQ1657
::TQ1657::Oil helps to seal the space between the piston rings and the cylinder wall by:{
	=covering the walls with a lubricant coating and filling any gaps that might be present.#Oil helps to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film. The oil also helps to seal the spaces between the piston rings and the cylinder walls by covering the walls with a lubricant coating and filling any gaps that might be present.
	~leaving a varnish-like residue behind.#Oil helps to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film. The oil also helps to seal the spaces between the piston rings and the cylinder walls by covering the walls with a lubricant coating and filling any gaps that might be present.
	~preventing lateral movement of the piston.#Oil helps to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film. The oil also helps to seal the spaces between the piston rings and the cylinder walls by covering the walls with a lubricant coating and filling any gaps that might be present.
	~pressurizing the lower portion of the engine.#Oil helps to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film. The oil also helps to seal the spaces between the piston rings and the cylinder walls by covering the walls with a lubricant coating and filling any gaps that might be present.
}


//name:TQ1658
::TQ1658::The role of the lubricating oil is to:{
	=reduce friction between moving parts, remove excess heat, and clean internal parts.#The role of the lubricating oil is to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film. The oil also helps to seal the lower portion of the combustion chamber (the spaces between the piston rings and the cylinder walls) by covering the walls with a lubricant coating, remove excess heat, and clean internal parts.
	~minimize friction, reduce engine noise, prolong engine life, seal the space between the valve head and the valve seat.#The role of the lubricating oil is to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film. The oil also helps to seal the lower portion of the combustion chamber (the spaces between the piston rings and the cylinder walls) by covering the walls with a lubricant coating, remove excess heat, and clean internal parts.
	~absorb shocks, seal the oil pan, provide a slippery surface on moving parts, and help the engine keep cool.#The role of the lubricating oil is to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film. The oil also helps to seal the lower portion of the combustion chamber (the spaces between the piston rings and the cylinder walls) by covering the walls with a lubricant coating, remove excess heat, and clean internal parts.
	~reduce engine wear, increase engine power, cushion the power strokes, and lubricate the combustion chamber.#The role of the lubricating oil is to reduce friction between components by coating the moving surfaces of the different engine parts with a lubricating film. The oil also helps to seal the lower portion of the combustion chamber (the spaces between the piston rings and the cylinder walls) by covering the walls with a lubricant coating, remove excess heat, and clean internal parts.
}


//name:TQ1659
::TQ1659::Engine oil with a detergent additive in it is both lubricates the engine and:{
	=reduces carbon deposits.#Most engine oils contain a range of additives that are designed to assist the lubricant in different ways. One such additive is designed to act as a detergent. Detergents are designed to act as a cleansing agent to prevent the build up of deposits in the engine.
	~works as an antifreeze.#Most engine oils contain a range of additives that are designed to assist the lubricant in different ways. One such additive is designed to act as a detergent. Detergents are designed to act as a cleansing agent to prevent the build up of deposits in the engine.
	~increases the life of the engine oil.#Most engine oils contain a range of additives that are designed to assist the lubricant in different ways. One such additive is designed to act as a detergent. Detergents are designed to act as a cleansing agent to prevent the build up of deposits in the engine.
	~increases the heat resistance of the oil.#Most engine oils contain a range of additives that are designed to assist the lubricant in different ways. One such additive is designed to act as a detergent. Detergents are designed to act as a cleansing agent to prevent the build up of deposits in the engine.
}


//name:TQ1660
::TQ1660::Which additives in engine oil reduce build-up of deposits on pistons and valves?{
	=Detergents.#Most engine oils contain a range of additives that are designed to assist the lubricant in different ways. One such additive is designed to act as a detergent. Detergents are designed to act as a cleansing agent to prevent the build up of deposits in the engine.
	~Dispersant.#Most engine oils contain a range of additives that are designed to assist the lubricant in different ways. One such additive is designed to act as a detergent. Detergents are designed to act as a cleansing agent to prevent the build up of deposits in the engine.
	~Inhibitors.#Most engine oils contain a range of additives that are designed to assist the lubricant in different ways. One such additive is designed to act as a detergent. Detergents are designed to act as a cleansing agent to prevent the build up of deposits in the engine.
	~Depressants.#Most engine oils contain a range of additives that are designed to assist the lubricant in different ways. One such additive is designed to act as a detergent. Detergents are designed to act as a cleansing agent to prevent the build up of deposits in the engine.
}


//name:TQ1661
::TQ1661::Which additives collect particles that can block the system?{
	=Dispersants.#Dispersants collect particles that can block the system. Dispersants also separate the particles from each other and keep them moving. These particles are then removed when the oil is changed.
	~Detergents.#Dispersants collect particles that can block the system. Dispersants also separate the particles from each other and keep them moving. These particles are then removed when the oil is changed.
	~Anti-oxidants.#Dispersants collect particles that can block the system. Dispersants also separate the particles from each other and keep them moving. These particles are then removed when the oil is changed.
	~Anti-foam agents.#Dispersants collect particles that can block the system. Dispersants also separate the particles from each other and keep them moving. These particles are then removed when the oil is changed.
}


//name:TQ1662
::TQ1662::The viscosity of an oil refers to:{
	=its resistance to flow.#For oil to do all of the work that's expected of it, it must have special properties. Its viscosity is crucial. Viscosity is a measure of how easily a liquid flows. Low-viscosity liquid is thin and flows easily. High-viscosity liquid is thick and flows slowly.  Lubricating oil must be thin enough to circulate easily between moving parts, but not so thin that it will be forced out from between them. If it is forced out, parts will be left in direct contact and they'll be damaged. Equally if it's too viscous, it moves too slowly to protect parts, especially in a cold engine.
	~its sulfur content.#For oil to do all of the work that's expected of it, it must have special properties. Its viscosity is crucial. Viscosity is a measure of how easily a liquid flows. Low-viscosity liquid is thin and flows easily. High-viscosity liquid is thick and flows slowly.  Lubricating oil must be thin enough to circulate easily between moving parts, but not so thin that it will be forced out from between them. If it is forced out, parts will be left in direct contact and they'll be damaged. Equally if it's too viscous, it moves too slowly to protect parts, especially in a cold engine.
	~its flammability.#For oil to do all of the work that's expected of it, it must have special properties. Its viscosity is crucial. Viscosity is a measure of how easily a liquid flows. Low-viscosity liquid is thin and flows easily. High-viscosity liquid is thick and flows slowly.  Lubricating oil must be thin enough to circulate easily between moving parts, but not so thin that it will be forced out from between them. If it is forced out, parts will be left in direct contact and they'll be damaged. Equally if it's too viscous, it moves too slowly to protect parts, especially in a cold engine.
	~the ease with which it oxidizes.#For oil to do all of the work that's expected of it, it must have special properties. Its viscosity is crucial. Viscosity is a measure of how easily a liquid flows. Low-viscosity liquid is thin and flows easily. High-viscosity liquid is thick and flows slowly.  Lubricating oil must be thin enough to circulate easily between moving parts, but not so thin that it will be forced out from between them. If it is forced out, parts will be left in direct contact and they'll be damaged. Equally if it's too viscous, it moves too slowly to protect parts, especially in a cold engine.
}


//name:TQ1663
::TQ1663::Viscosity can be defined as the __________ of the oil.{
	=thickness#Viscosity is a measure of how easily a liquid flows. Low-viscosity liquid is thin and flows easily. High-viscosity liquid is thick and flows slowly.
	~pour point#Viscosity is a measure of how easily a liquid flows. Low-viscosity liquid is thin and flows easily. High-viscosity liquid is thick and flows slowly.
	~acidity#Viscosity is a measure of how easily a liquid flows. Low-viscosity liquid is thin and flows easily. High-viscosity liquid is thick and flows slowly.
	~oxidation#Viscosity is a measure of how easily a liquid flows. Low-viscosity liquid is thin and flows easily. High-viscosity liquid is thick and flows slowly.
}


//name:TQ1664
::TQ1664::What does the SAE rating of the oil indicate?{
	=The viscosity of the oil.#Oils are graded or classified by the American Society of Automotive Engineers, or SAE. An oil with an SAE number of 50 has a higher viscosity, or is thicker, than an SAE 20 oil. Oil is also classified by the American Petroleum Institute or API service classification. Oils for spark-ignition engines carry a prefix S, and diesel or compression-ignition engines use C. Some oils have additives that make them suitable for both. Manufacturers recommend which viscosity and API classification is ideal for a particular engine.
	~The interval between oil changes.#Oils are graded or classified by the American Society of Automotive Engineers, or SAE. An oil with an SAE number of 50 has a higher viscosity, or is thicker, than an SAE 20 oil. Oil is also classified by the American Petroleum Institute or API service classification. Oils for spark-ignition engines carry a prefix S, and diesel or compression-ignition engines use C. Some oils have additives that make them suitable for both. Manufacturers recommend which viscosity and API classification is ideal for a particular engine.
	~The detergent content of the oil.#Oils are graded or classified by the American Society of Automotive Engineers, or SAE. An oil with an SAE number of 50 has a higher viscosity, or is thicker, than an SAE 20 oil. Oil is also classified by the American Petroleum Institute or API service classification. Oils for spark-ignition engines carry a prefix S, and diesel or compression-ignition engines use C. Some oils have additives that make them suitable for both. Manufacturers recommend which viscosity and API classification is ideal for a particular engine.
	~The ability of the oil to resist heat.#Oils are graded or classified by the American Society of Automotive Engineers, or SAE. An oil with an SAE number of 50 has a higher viscosity, or is thicker, than an SAE 20 oil. Oil is also classified by the American Petroleum Institute or API service classification. Oils for spark-ignition engines carry a prefix S, and diesel or compression-ignition engines use C. Some oils have additives that make them suitable for both. Manufacturers recommend which viscosity and API classification is ideal for a particular engine.
}


//name:TQ1665
::TQ1665::Technician A says that the API classification 'S' stands for standard passenger car. Technician B says that classification 'C' stands for compression ignition vehicles. Who is correct?{
	~Technician A.#Technician B is correct. The API (or the American Petroleum Institute) lubricant rating system maintains a range of service classifications including 'S' ratings for 'Spark ignition' or 'gasoline' engines and Commercial Classifications or 'C' ratings for diesel (Compression ignition) engines.
	=Technician B #Technician B is correct. The API (or the American Petroleum Institute) lubricant rating system maintains a range of service classifications including 'S' ratings for 'Spark ignition' or 'gasoline' engines and Commercial Classifications or 'C' ratings for diesel (Compression ignition) engines.
	~Both Technician A & Technician B#Technician B is correct. The API (or the American Petroleum Institute) lubricant rating system maintains a range of service classifications including 'S' ratings for 'Spark ignition' or 'gasoline' engines and Commercial Classifications or 'C' ratings for diesel (Compression ignition) engines.
	~Neither Technician A or Technician B #Technician B is correct. The API (or the American Petroleum Institute) lubricant rating system maintains a range of service classifications including 'S' ratings for 'Spark ignition' or 'gasoline' engines and Commercial Classifications or 'C' ratings for diesel (Compression ignition) engines.
}


//name:TQ1666
::TQ1666::True synthetic oils are based on man-made hydro carbons, commonly:{
	=PAO#Synthetic oils are more costly to manufacture but have a number of advantages over conventional mineral based oils.
	~PAG#Synthetic oils are more costly to manufacture but have a number of advantages over conventional mineral based oils.
	~PAC#Synthetic oils are more costly to manufacture but have a number of advantages over conventional mineral based oils.
	~PAB#Synthetic oils are more costly to manufacture but have a number of advantages over conventional mineral based oils.
}


